welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
once upon a time in america
three thugs enter a chinese wayang
theater looking for a marked man
the proprietors slip into a hidden opium
den and warn a man named
noodles but he pays no attention
in a flashback noodles observes police
removing three disfigured corpses from a
street
although he kills one of the thugs
pursuing him noodles learns they have
murdered eve
his girlfriend and that his money has
been stolen
so he leaves the city david
noodles aronson struggles as a street
kid in a neighborhood on manhattan's
lower east side in 1918.
he and his friends patrick patsy
goldberg
phillip kaukai stein and dominic commit
petty crimes under the supervision of
local boss
bugsy planning to rob a drunk as a truck
hides them from a police officer
they're foiled by maximilian max
berkovitz
who jumps off the truck to rob the man
himself
noodles confronts max but a crooked
police officer steals the watch that
they are fighting over
later max blackmails the police officer
who is having sex with peggy a young
girl and noodle's neighbor
max noodles patsy dominic and kakai
start their own gang
independent of bugsy who had previously
enjoyed the police officer's protection
the boys stash half their money in a
suitcase which they hide in a locker at
the railway station
giving the key to fat mo jelly a
reliable friend who is not part of the
operation
noodles is in love with fatmo's sister
deborah
an aspiring dancer and actress
after the gang has some success bugsy
ambushes the boys and shoots dominic
who dies in noodles arms in a rage
noodle stabs bugsy and severely injures
a police officer
he is arrested and sentenced to prison
noodles is released from jail in 1930
and is reunited with his old gang
who are now major bootleggers during
prohibition
noodles also reunites with deborah
seeking to rekindle their relationship
during a robbery the gang meet carol who
later on becomes max's girlfriend
the gang prospers from bootlegging while
also providing muscle for union boss
jimmy conway o'donnell
noodles tries to impress deborah on an
extravagant date
but then rapes her after she declines
his marriage proposal as she intends to
pursue a career in hollywood
noodles goes to the train station
looking for deborah
but when she spots him from her train
seat she simply closes the blind
the gang's financial success ends with
the 1933 repeal of prohibition
max suggests joining the teamsters union
as muscle
but noodles refuses max acquiesces and
they go to florida
with carol and eve for a vacation
while there max suggests robbing the new
york federal reserve bank
but noodles regards it as a suicide
mission
carol who also fears for max's life
convinces noodles to inform the police
about a lesser offense
so the four friends will safely serve a
brief probably one year
jail sentence minutes after calling the
police
max knocks noodles unconscious during an
argument
regaining consciousness noodles finds
out that max
patsy and kakai have been killed by the
police
and is consumed with guilt over making
the phone call
retrieves the suitcase in which the gang
had stored their money
now finding it empty with his friends
killed
and himself hunted a despondent noodles
then boards the first bus leaving new
york
going to buffalo to live under a false
identity
robert williams in 1968
noodles receives a letter informing him
that the cemetery where his friends are
buried is being redeveloped
asking him to make arrangements for
their re-burial
realizing that someone has deduced his
identity
noodles returns to manhattan and stays
with fat mo
above his restaurant while visiting the
cemetery
noodles finds a key to the railway
locker once kept by the gang
opening the locker he finds a suitcase
full of money but with a note stating
that the cash is a down payment on his
next job
noodles hears about a corruption scandal
and assassination attempt on u.s
secretary of commerce christopher bailey
an embattled political figure
mentioned in a news report noodles
visits carol
who lives at a retirement home run by
the bailey foundation
she tells him that max planted the idea
of carol and noodles tipping him off to
the police
because he wanted to die rather than go
insane like his father
who died in an asylum max opened fire on
the police to ensure his own death
while at the retirement home noodles
sees a photo of deborah at the
institution's dedication
noodles tracks down deborah still an
actress
he questions her about secretary bailey
telling her about his invitation to a
party at bailey's mansion
deborah claims not to know who bailey is
and begs noodles to leave via the back
exit
as bayley's son is waiting for her at
the main door
ignoring deborah's advice noodles sees
bailey's son david
who is named after noodles and bears a
strong resemblance to max as a young man
thus noodles realizes that max is alive
and living as bailey
noodles meets with max in his private
study during the party
max explains that corrupt police
officers helped him fake his own death
so that he could steal the gang's money
and make deborah his mistress in order
to begin a new life as bayley
a man with connections to the teamsters
union connections that have now gone
sour
now faced with ruin and the specter of a
teamster assassination
max asks noodles to kill him having
tracked him down and sent the invitation
noodles obstinately referring to him by
his secretary bailey identity
refuses because in his eyes max died
with the gang
as noodles leaves max's estate he hears
a garbage truck start up and looks back
to see max standing at his driveway's
gated entrance
as he begins to walk towards noodles the
truck passes between them
noodles sees the truck's auger grinding
down rubbish
but max is nowhere to be seen the end
returns to the opening scene in 1933
with noodles entering the opium den
after his friend's deaths
taking the drug and broadly grinning
thank you all for watching
don't forget to subscribe and hit the
bell notification for more of these
videos